## Configuration and Setup Issues  {docsify-ignore}



#### My iPhone/iPad is not in the *Update Device screen > Family Sharing Device* selection list

It is displayed on the *FindMy App Devices* screen but I can not select it when configuring the device.

This means that Location Sharing is probably not enabled on the iDevice. On the iDevice:
- Go to *Settings App > Privacy and Security > Location Services - Share My Location* screen. Verify that *Location Sharing* is enabled.
- Go to *FindMy App > Me* screen.  The *Location* field should be "Shared". If it is "‘Not Sharing Location", Location Sharing is still not enabled.

#### I'm getting a <i>Custom element doesn't exist: icloud3-event-log-card</i> error setting up the Event Log Card

- **Check the Directory containing the Event Log Card program** - When iCloud3 is installed, the Event Log's *icloud3-event-log-card.js* file is copied to it's *www/* directory. Verify that the file was copied to that directory.
  - New installations - It is copied into the *www/icloud3* directory.
  - v2 Migrations - The *www/* you were using in iCloud3 v2 is used in v3. The default directory for v2 is *www/custom_cards*. However, you may have changed it to another directory and specified that in the `event_log_card_directory` parameter. 
  
- **Check the Directory name in the iCloud3 Configuration** - Verify the directory name containing the Event Log's  *icloud3-event-log-card.js* file is correct on the *Configure Settings > Tracking and Other Parameters* screen. It is listed at the bottom of the parameter list. If not, select the correct directory in the list.

- **Check the Lovelace Resource parameter** - This is a Lovelace parameter specified on the *Settings > Dashboard > ⋮  > Resources* screen. This screen specifies *local/directory/file-name.js* for various Lovelace card '.js' files used HA. iCloud3 tries to add or update this list when it starts with the Event Log card's directory above.
  - Find and verify that the iCloud3 entry, */local/icloud3/icloud3-event-log-card.js* is in the list. Add it if is not. More information about this is in the *iCloud3 Components, Event Log* documentation [here](#/chapters/1.2-event-log?id=lovelace-resource-for-the-event-log). 
  - The value you enter for the resource starts with */local*. It does not start with */www*.
  
- **Check the value you are entering when setting up the Dashboard** - You specify the *icloud3-event-log-card* as a custom card when you add it to a Dashboard screen is `type: 'custom:icloud3-event-log-card'`.  More information about this is in the *iCloud3 Components, Event Log* documentation [here](#/chapters/1.2-event-log?id=create-a-new-dashboard-card-for-the-event-log). 
  - It must not have any spaces at the end. 
  - Do not add `.js` at the end. 
  - These are wrong:  `type: 'custom:icloud3-event-log-card  '` and `type: 'custom:icloud3-event-log-card.js'`

