## Configuration and Setup Issues  {docsify-ignore}

<hr><br><br>

<details>
<summary>My iPhone/iPad is not in the <i>Update Device screen > Family Sharing Device</i> selection list</summary>
<p>It is displayed on the <em>FindMy App Devices</em> screen but I can not select it when configuring the device.</p>
<p>This means that Location Sharing is probably not enabled on the iDevice. On the iDevice:</p>
<ul>
<li>Go to <em>Settings App &gt; Privacy and Security &gt; Location Services - Share My Location</em> screen. Verify that <em>Location Sharing</em> is enabled.</li>
<li>Go to <em>FindMy App &gt; Me</em> screen.  The <em>Location</em> field should be &quot;Shared&quot;. If it is &quot;‘Not Sharing Location&quot;, Location Sharing is still not enabled.</li>
</ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>I'm getting a <i>Custom element doesn't exist: icloud3-event-log-card</i> error setting up the Event Log Card</summary>
<ul>
<li><strong>Check the Directory containing the Event Log Card program</strong> - When iCloud3 is installed, the Event Log&#39;s <em>icloud3-event-log-card.js</em> file is copied to it&#39;s <em>www/</em> directory. Verify that the file was copied to that directory.<ul>
<li>New installations - It is copied into the <em>www/icloud3</em> directory.</li>
<li>v2 Migrations - The <em>www/</em> you were using in iCloud3 v2 is used in v3. The default directory for v2 is <em>www/custom_cards</em>. However, you may have changed it to another directory and specified that in the <code>event_log_card_directory</code> parameter. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Check the Directory name in the iCloud3 Configuration</strong> - Verify the directory name containing the Event Log&#39;s  <em>icloud3-event-log-card.js</em> file is correct on the <em>Configure Settings &gt; Tracking and Other Parameters</em> screen. It is listed at the bottom of the parameter list. If not, select the correct directory in the list.</li>
<li><strong>Check the Lovelace Resource parameter</strong> - This is a Lovelace parameter specified on the <em>Settings &gt; Dashboard &gt; ⋮: &gt; Resources</em> screen. This screen specifies <em>local/directory/file-name.js</em> for various Lovelace card &#39;.js&#39; files used HA. iCloud3 tries to add or update this list when it starts with the Event Log card&#39;s directory above.<ul>
<li>Find and verify that the iCloud3 entry, <em>/local/icloud3/icloud3-event-log-card.js</em> is in the list. Add it if is not. More information about this is in the <em>iCloud3 Components, Event Log</em> documentation <a href="#/chapters/1.2-event-log?id=lovelace-resource-for-the-event-log">here</a>. </li>
<li>The value you enter for the resource starts with <em>/local</em>. It does not start with <em>/www</em>.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Check the value you are entering when setting up the Dashboard</strong> - You specify the <em>icloud3-event-log-card</em> as a custom card when you add it to a Dashboard screen is <code>type: &#39;custom:icloud3-event-log-card&#39;</code>.  More information about this is in the <em>iCloud3 Components, Event Log</em> documentation <a href="#/chapters/1.2-event-log?id=create-a-new-dashboard-card-for-the-event-log">here</a>. <ul>
<li>It must not have any spaces at the end. </li>
<li>Do not add <code>.js</code> at the end. </li>
<li>These are wrong:  <code>type: &#39;custom:icloud3-event-log-card  &#39;</code> and <code>type: &#39;custom:icloud3-event-log-card.js&#39;</code></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</details>
